# LESSON TWO <<AT HOME IN THE FUTURE>>

A medical examination without a doctor or nurse in the room? Doing shopping at home? Borrowing books from the library without leaving your home?
These ideas may seem strange to you.But scientists are working hard to turn them into realities.

Let us suppose we can visit a home at the end of this century.We will visit a boy named Charlie Green. He is not feeling well this morning. His mother, Mrs Green, wants the doctor to see him. That is,she wants the doctor to listen to him.She brings a set of wires to Charlie's room. These wires are called sensors.She places one sensor in his mouth and one on his chest.She puts another one around his wrist and one on his forehead.Then she plugs the sensors into a wall outlet.She says the code “TCP". This means “telephone call placed." A little light flashes on the wall.The Greens wireless telephone is ready for a call.

Mrs Green says “2478", the doctor's tele-phone number. From a speaker on the wall comes the doctor's voice: “Good morning."

"Good morning, Dr Scott,”answers Mrs Green.“Charlie isn't feeling too well this morning. I've put the sensors on him.I wonder if you can examine him now."

"Sure,” the doctor's voice says. “Well, he doesn't have a fever. And his pulse is fine. Now, breathe deeply, Charlie."

Charlie does so.

"Just a little cold," says the doctor. “Better stay inside today, Charlie. And take it easy."

"TCC (telephone call completed)." The light on the wall turns off. The phone call and the examination are finished.

"Charlie,” says Mrs Green, “since you have to stay home, why don't you do some shopping?
You can pickout your newbicycle.After all your birthday is only two weeks away."

"Great,"Charlie answers. Charlie and his mother sit in front of one of the visionphones. There are several in their house.

"TCP,"says Charlie. The word ready appears on the screen of the visionphone.

"New Forest Bicycle Shop," a voice says. "May we help you?"
Charlie answers,“I'd like to see your ten-speed bicycles."

In the next few minutes,pictures of many models of the bicycles are flashed on the screen. The price of each model is also shown. 

Then the voice asks,"Are you interested in any of these models?"
"Yes,I'm interested in model 6."
 
"Do you wish to place an order at this time?"asks the voice.
"Not just yet," answers Mrs Green. "My son's birthday is in two weeks'time. Thank you. TCC."
The visionphone shuts off.
Such would be our home in the future.
